Pi_Project.md, before:

# Pi Project

## Design Thinking
When developing any projects it is helpful to consider what you are trying to create and how you will create it. Design thinking is a process where we discover what to create and use creative problem solving to bring that project to life. You can use the DEEP Design Thinking process to help support this process.

## DEEP - Discover, Empathize, Experiment, Produce
- Discover: Seek out opportunities for design. You may find you want to create something for yourself or for others.
- Empathize: Understand the who, why, and how of the project. Know not only what you are creating, but why and how it is being created. 
- Experiment: Create a prototype to learn how your project works (and how it doesn't)
- Produce: Get feedback, share your project, and reflect on next steps

You may find that you go through these steps multiple times as you create your project. While you can expect that it won't go exactly according to plan, you shouldn't blunder around in the dark. Be informed as possible as you create your project. Ask yourself:
- Are there existing examples or guides?
- What parts, skills, and time will I need to complete this task?
- What questions do I need to answer as I go through this project?

![tree image](http://infed.org/mobi/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/project-management-cappellmeister-5921913-ccbyncsa2.jpg)

Can't decide, Here are some existing projects: https://www.raspberrypi.org/resources/make/

Commit message:

added project and pieces resources

Pi_Project.md, after:

# Pi Project
## Possible Projects Starting Points
### Pieces
You know you'd like to experiment with some of things and build a project out of some of these items.
- Scratch
- Python
- Minecraft
- Sense Hat
- Explorer Hat
- Other Components: LEDs, Buzzers, Buttons

### Project
You know an end product or project, you just needs to figure out the pieces that make up that project.
You can also think about (personal or community-based) needs that might drive your project. You can also try out these existing projects:
- https://www.raspberrypi.org/resources/make/
- https://www.hackster.io/raspberry-pi/projects?difficulty=beginner
- https://lifehacker.com/top-10-raspberry-pi-projects-for-beginners-1791002723


## Design Thinking
When developing any projects it is helpful to consider what you are trying to create and how you will create it. Design thinking is a process where we discover what to create and use creative problem solving to bring that project to life. You can use the DEEP Design Thinking process to help support this process.

## DEEP - Discover, Empathize, Experiment, Produce
- Discover: Seek out opportunities for design. You may find you want to create something for yourself or for others.
- Empathize: Understand the who, why, and how of the project. Know not only what you are creating, but why and how it is being created.
- Experiment: Create a prototype to learn how your project works (and how it doesn't)
- Produce: Get feedback, share your project, and reflect on next steps

You may find that you go through these steps multiple times as you create your project. While you can expect that it won't go exactly according to plan, you shouldn't blunder around in the dark. Be informed as possible as you create your project. Ask yourself:
- Are there existing examples or guides?
- What parts, skills, and time will I need to complete this task?
- What questions do I need to answer as I go through this project?

![tree image](http://infed.org/mobi/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/project-management-cappellmeister-5921913-ccbyncsa2.jpg)

Can't decide, Here are some existing projects: https://www.raspberrypi.org/resources/make/
